PolyU recognises the academic and/or non-academic achievements of our students through offering different types of scholarships to our students. Normally, these scholarships are awarded to current students pursuing full-time undergraduate programmes leading to PolyU awards (i.e. HKCC, SPEED, PolyU inbound exchange students are not eligible) . Entry Scholarships for Prospective Students - awarded on the basis of admission results PolyU offers entry scholarships to students pursuing different programmes during admission. Please refer to the table below for further information. Programme pursued Where to get scholarship information? Full-time undergraduate programmes Entry scholarships are available for outstanding admittees based on academic or non-academic achievements. Please visit Admissions webpage for details and further enquiries on scholarships offered to local (HKDSE) and international students as well as 内地应届高考生 . Part-time undergraduate programmes Full-time and part-time taught postgraduate programmes Entry scholarships may be provided by individual programme offering academic departments. Please visit the page "Duration & Credit Requirement" under individual programmes listed on Admissions webpage for scholarship availability and further enquiries. Research postgraduate programmes Please visit Fellowship & Scholarship Schemes for postgraduate research students for details and further enquiries. Post-entry Scholarships - awarded on the basis of PolyU academic results a) Post-entry Scholarships/ Prizes awarded on the basis of academic and/or non-academic achievements From time to time, a number of private organisations, firms, professional bodies and individuals donate to PolyU scholarships and prizes which are awarded to students with outstanding academic and/or non-academic achievements (such as achievements in extra-curricular activities and community services) during their studies at PolyU. Most of the scholarships/prizes are awarded to undergraduate students and the awardees are normally nominated by Heads of Academic Departments. Please click here for the list of post-entry scholarships* available for undergraduate/taught postgraduate students. However, a limited number of scholarships/prizes are open for application by students or nomination by academic departments via SAO. Please refer to the schedule of inviting application/nomination for details. *For information on entry scholarships for PolyU students or entry/post-entry scholarships for research postgraduate students, please visit the webpage of Academic Registry or Graduate School respectively for details. b) Scholarships for Global Exchange Some scholarships are made available to full-time current students to pursue one-semester or one-year overseas studies. Please click here for details. Some scholarships may specifically require the applicants/nominees to have the TOEFL or IELTS results for the Donor's consideration of the applications/nominations. Students are encouraged to attempt the TOEFL or IELTS examination (Academic Module) first if you are interested in these scholarships. PolyU also offers other sponsorship/subsidy/financial assistance to support the living costs of full-time UGC-funded undergraduate students during exchange studies overseas/in Mainland China. Please visit the website of Global Engagement Office (GEO) [refer to the part "Financial Support"] for further details. If you will take on an offshore WIE placement, you can visit Careers and Placement Section (CPS) for details of Offshore Work-Integrated Education Sponsorship (OWS). c) Service-Learning Scholarships The Service-Learning Scholarship Scheme is established to recognise meritorious students displaying outstanding performance in service-learning (SL) subject, and to encourage them to continue their involvement in community service. In 2021/22, the Scheme piloted a new direction to support students to adapt their capstone/FYP for SL. The Scheme aims at helping students further connect their studies and service, and achieving greater societal impact to the underprivileged community through their academic discipline. Please contact SLLO for details of the Scholarship Scheme